hi everyone
i'm paige and i've just finished a
degree in natural sciences
at the university of cambridge and today
i was supposed to be graduating
i was supposed to be getting dressed up
in my fluffy gown in my mortarboard hat
marching in a procession to senate house
and kneeling in front of the vice
chancellor as some latin words were read
and i was awarded my degree officially
but
the ceremony got cancelled and it was
really tragic and
i was sitting around yesterday thinking
oh i was supposed to be graduating
tomorrow
and it's so sunny outside and think of
those perfect graduation photos
that i would have had but it just wasn't
to be
then my dad said well let's just go
there's nothing to stop us taking a road
trip to cambridge
so here we are today it's early in the
morning we got up at the crack of dawn
and we're driving
to cambridge it's great we're going to
senate house who cares if the ceremony
is cancelled
i'm going anyway i'm not graduating in
absentia
no thank you i'm going to get a gown i'm
going to get a waterboard hat and i'm
going to graduate in style
and get the ideal graduation pick in
this sunny weather
look at the sun shining how can i be
giving up this opportunity
didn't ever think i'd be starting
another vlog sat in the back of the car
driving to cambridge but
here we are and it's an exciting day i'm
looking forward to it
cambridge here we come
[Music]
i've arrived college is behind me bathed
in sun and it feels good to be back
i think we're going to walk into town
source a gown and source and waterboard
hats because
those really are essentials for a
graduation photo shoot
and we'll head to senate house which by
the way senate house is where people
will normally graduate
in normal times you will head into
senate house get given your degree by
the vice chancellor
and that's what we're doing today just
the vice chancellor won't be there
here we are back on jesus lane
this is all caller-joined accommodation
here college houses
and here is my road malcolm
street so in my third year as i've
mentioned
on the vlogs i was living in a college
house
and my house was down this road well i
shouldn't really call it my house
because it's not my house anymore i no
longer live there
but we are returning because my bike is
in the garden
parked in the garden and we need to
retrieve that quite a small road
again this is all student housing
over the road as well oh there's still
cornflakes in the kitchen who's been
eating
someone left those there here we are my
house
i'm just going to cross the road to show
you my window because my window is right
up the top
that is my window
oh the crepe van are they opening they
do good crepes chocolate and
strawberries
crepes
walking through market square a
cambridge classic
the marketplace is that is that senate
house
omg
okay i'm trying on a cap and a gown
i think it looks good to me for graduate
you just need your own gown to
hook it on to pour the medium
oh that's that looks too big
i think it's a small which is what you
want
[Music]
[Applause]
hello everyone so it is a beautiful day
to not graduate and i am outside
senate house in my gown in my fluffy
hood
i'm proud of myself i've done a degree
i've completed a degree and it's been a
great photo shoot too it's a lot of fun
now we need to figure out how we're
going to get in here
we can break in i reckon who's up for it
yeah parents are going to assist me yeah
outside the gate it's fine who needs to
be actually inside
who needs that when you can have this
come with me
that's king's college over there you can
see behind the tree
cambridge is a very picturesque town so
i haven't had any problem getting photos
it's a good one
oh it's videoing now sorry
let me start
that's better dropped it
okay so the porter was a legend and let
me
walk on the first caught grass to get a
graduation photo next to the horse
and i touched the horse maybe i
shouldn't get that on camera actually a
bit naughty but i touched the horse and
that is the closest i've ever got to the
jesus chord horse
normally you'd be getting a note from
the dean
if you walk on that grass or go near
that horse
but it's a thing that like every time
people graduate they go get a graduation
photo next to the horse
so i thought i'd try my luck and see if
they'd let me today
and they did now i'm gonna go quickly
get changed because
i am sweltering and this blouse and
these
trousers are not the coolest of things
and then i'm going to go meet my friend
hannah in the town center
and we're going to have some ice cream
for being my cameramen today
happy to apply a wonderful day they love
it
they just wish the roost was open don't
you i do miss my coffee and cake in the
roost but
we'll be back we will be back i can see
myself visiting quite regularly
i'm not gonna lie okay so i had a lovely
cat shop with hannah
i had a massive ice cream and sat along
king's parade it was so idyllic i've now
met up with my parents again
this is the lane that i used to walk
down with my bike when going to and from
lectures
my cam card has given me access to the
gate which is good
thank you to the porters for sorting
that out let's go see my bike
do you know what i've missed it so much
so you have to walk through the other
mountain street backyards to get to the
21 malcolm street backyard
now this is our one here we've got a
little grassy patch
not that we really walked on it and oh
my god
my bike my bike
oh my god i missed it oh it's it's
covered in cobwebs
i'm not even kidding can you see those
guys i hate spiders i hate them with a
passion
i'm not like i'm afraid i can't touch
that
i genuinely can't touch the hat paul
don't get the cobwebs
yeah who's sorting that out it's not me
one of you guys
thank you we have a volunteer i want to
ride it you see we need to move it
she's getting on the bike she's getting
on the bike
she's cycling off
look at this beautiful specimen isn't it
beautiful
i picked this bike up on my first day in
cambridge
i'm actually shocked it's lasted me all
three years it was
literally an ex-hire bike so no fancy
bike at all
i've just cycled down jesus lane my
parents are catching up but they're
having to walk because we only have one
bike
here they come you made it
i waited for you so i could let you in
the gate
they can't get through that gate without
me i just said you've probably gone in
and cycled off
to get in hello we've got our crepes
yum yum we're just sitting in the shade
we've been on our feet quite a lot today
so we're quite enjoying the sit down
at 3 30 i've got a zoom call with the
rest of my cohort
and we're having a virtual degree day
celebration
so i need to get my laptop out the car
and tune into that
and it's wonderful to see you here with
your parents
so we're standing in the car in the
senate house
and in the senate house i will
introduce you by your degree
you will be bachelors of the university
of cambridge
through jesus college
hello everyone so i'm now in the car
heading home
and i've had such a lovely day in
cambridge today
we sat outside the cricket pavilion and
watched the final virtual degree day
event
that college put on and they talk
through
what would have normally happened a few
people said some words there's some
speeches
true to form i started crying i don't
know it was something about
looking out over college while watching
it that just made me
a bit sad to leave i'm just emotional
because i've had the best time ever
kind of thing like i'm actually excited
for what's coming next now i really am
i've just so grateful for the experience
i've had at jesus college
this might have been a fake graduation
but i am actually
graduating in absentia so i am
graduating
it's mad it feels like yesterday that i
just started and
walked in as a fresher matriculated at
jesus college
and now we're here with a natural
sciences degree oh my god it's been hard
work
it hasn't all been plain sailing but
made the greatest friends along the way
had the greatest experiences there was
so many opportunities for me at
cambridge and i
like to think that i took advantage of
everything that was thrown my way
and yeah thank you for joining me on my
university journey
more videos coming soon i will be
talking about my next steps soon
and yeah thanks for watching guys bye
[Music]
you